# Money-Matters
It’s a fact that if an individual don’t have money then the individual do not have value. Wherever we go, whatever we want, without money will not get a single piece. People gives the attention when a person have money, people gives the value when a person have money, People gives respect when a person have money. There are some cases, family or friends (might not be all but few) will give the importance or value, when an individual earns money. There is no relationship without money. There is no love without money. Money is making a human mad. Money, money, money… For money a human can do murder, for money a human can break the relationship, for money a human can fall in love(gold digger, might be a male or female), money can make a human to cheat and what not, everything… Money changes the preferences of a human, money changes the tastes, habits, looks (dressing etc.), money changes the thoughts of human, etc.  
Money is god for human being…. 
But money can’t buy sleep, money can’t buy health, money can’t buy knowledge, money can’t buy wisdom, money can’t buy inner peace, money can’t buy time, money can’t buy soul. If an individual have money then it is possible to get the job hence can gain experience, if a person have money can get fake experience certificates.  
Without money a human being is nothing.  
Money can buy things whatever a human being want just like that even a human can buy another human. Human is losing own identity for the sake of money. 
Hence proved, an individual is not a human-being, human is just a thing where another human is buying. Human is considered as a human only in such cases where a human is earning with his own knowledge, experience, and hard work.  Money is a non-stop hungry, non-stop thirst. It is not like a human’s hungry or thirst. When a human feel hungry, then it fulfills after having something, a human cannot eat more than that. But money is not like that. Human want to earn more, more and more. 
But the reality is that, a human cannot eat money, an individual cannot take money after the death.  
Money is just not a currency, it matters a lot. 
Earlier individual use to repay with something once an individual completes his study (after teacher teaches everything and we call it as GURU DHAKSHINA) but now an individual is paying fees before completing studies, an individual might learn everything (A clever student), might not learn everything (duller).  
A barter system should come back again and it should replace money. Good for Good or goods for services.
